[RUN-3787][RUN-3855][RUN-3666] Add documentation for managed dependency improvements (10.12.0) (#7863)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/java-programming/managed-dependencies.md

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/java-programming/managed-dependencies/junit-notation-example.png" class="no-border" >}}

## 3 Adding or Updating Exclusions

{{% alert color="info" %}}
Exclusions are available in Studio Pro 10.12.0 and above.
{{% /alert %}}

> In certain cases a conflict between transitive dependencies between different configured Java dependencies may appear.

Reviewer: 🎄 replace the first 'between' with 'in' to not repeat the same word.

Author: Done.

> In certain cases a conflict between transitive dependencies between different configured Java dependencies may appear.

Reviewer: Be a bit more specific about the reason why you would add an exclusion here (to not be confused with the exclusions in the dependencies tab).

One thing to highlight (either here or in de docs for the dependencies tab) is that they are part of the module when exported, so 'inherited' when imported in another project, while those in the dependencies tab are not (because they are global to a project).

Maybe mention a way that a conflict can occur as an example, e.g. a dependency that is unused but might conflict with other modules? Maybe you know something more realistic?

Author: Done.

> To fix this transitive dependencies can be excluded when configuring dependencies.

Reviewer: 🎄 I feel there's a comma missing after 'To fix this'

Author: Done.

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/java-programming/managed-dependencies/junit-notation-example.png" class="no-border" >}}

## 3 Adding or Updating Exclusions

{{% alert color="info" %}}
Exclusions are available in Studio Pro version 10.12.0 and above.
{{% /alert %}}

Sometimes you may find a conflict in transitive dependencies between different configured Java dependencies.

> For example, if two Java dependencies have the same package name and classes but a different group or artifact then they may both be included in your app, possibly causing conflicts.

Reviewer 2: This reads as being quite weak. You **may** find a conflict from dependencies which **may** be included and **possibly** cause conflicts.

Can we make it a bit more explicit - perhaps with an example?

Reviewer: What about:

'Transitive dependencies of different configured Java dependencies might conflict. For example, a package moved from one dependency to another, but some modules still use the old dependency while others moved to the new dependency. This causes the package to be defined multiple times which is not allowed.'

I think this describes at least one case we ran into.

Reviewer 2: I've added this in c0ca898e626e71e0ac032c3c61f963bde8e4733a. Can you check it is clear enough. Thanks.

Reviewer: I'm afraid that change is incorrect. See [my comment](https://github.com/mendix/docs/pull/7863/commits/c0ca898e626e71e0ac032c3c61f963bde8e4733a#r1640018222)

Reviewer: I think the wording is ok now, thanks

Exclusions are available in Studio Pro version 10.12.0 and above.
{{% /alert %}}

> Transitive (or indirect) dependencies of different configured Java dependencies might conflict. For example, a package used in your app moves to a new version of a dependency; some modules use the new dependency but some still use the old dependency. This causes the package to be defined multiple times which is not allowed.

Reviewer: I'm afraid this is incorrect because different versions of the same dependency are just resolved to the highest resolved to the highest version and things work ok (as long as the versions are api compatible, i.e. have the same major version).

The problem I wanted to convey is a bit more subtle: say library `org.foo:foo:2.0` contains package `frobnicator` but the owner of the library moves the package `frobnicator` to another library `org.foo:bar:1.0`, then some modules might depend on `org.foo:foo:2.0` and some on `org.foo:bar:1.0`. These won't be resolved as being different versions of the same library, so they will both be included in the app. But then the `frobnicator` is duplicated.

Reviewer 2: OK - I'll put your original wording back. I'm not sure I can describe the `frobnicator` case accurately enough.
```suggestion
Transitive (or indirect) dependencies of different configured Java dependencies might conflict. For example, if two Java dependencies have the same package name and classes but a different group or artifact then they may both be included in your app, possibly causing conflicts.
```
